Tim/add description of how the indicator relationship is extracted (#40878)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedTAXII/Integrations/FeedTAXII2/FeedTAXII2_description.md

### API Roots and Collections

> Each TAXII server may contain more than one API root with different collections. If the needed API root is not the default one, set the `API Root to Use` parameter with the correct API root title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each TAXII server may contain more than one API root with different collections. If the required API root is not the default one, set the `API Root to Use` parameter to the correct API root.
```
